
<h2 class="sectionedit1" id="general_mssql_issues">General MSSQL Issues</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "General MSSQL Issues" [1-34] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit2" id="change_sql_db_hostname">Change SQL DB hostname</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Ensure the <strong>master</strong> database under <strong>System Databases</strong> is selected, then run the following query, where the <strong>sysname</strong> labels change accordingly. I.E. the <em>CurrentMachineName</em> is <strong>webnet2</strong>, the <em>CurrentInstanceName</em> is <strong>SQLEXPRESS</strong>, and the <em>NewServerName</em> is <strong>webnet3</strong>.
</p>
<pre class="code">DECLARE
	@CurrentMachineName sysname
	,@CurrentInstanceName sysname
	,@NewServerName sysname;

SELECT 
	@CurrentMachineName = CAST(SERVERPROPERTY(&#039;MachineName&#039;) AS sysname)
	,@CurrentInstanceName = CAST(SERVERPROPERTY(&#039;InstanceName&#039;) AS sysname);

SET @NewServerName = @CurrentMachineName
	+ COALESCE(N&#039;\&#039; + @CurrentInstanceName, N&#039;&#039;);

EXEC sp_dropserver
	@server = @@SERVERNAME;

EXEC sp_addserver 
	@server = @NewServerName
	,@local = &#039;local&#039;;
GO</pre>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Change SQL DB hostname" [35-821] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="gather_mssql_server_information">Gather MSSQL Server Information</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Ensure the <strong>master</strong> database under <strong>System Databases</strong> is selected, then run the following query.
</p>
<pre class="code">SELECT 
  SERVERPROPERTY(&#039;productversion&#039;) as &#039;Product Version&#039;,
  SERVERPROPERTY(&#039;productlevel&#039;) as &#039;Service Pack&#039;, 
  SERVERPROPERTY(&#039;edition&#039;) as &#039;Edition&#039;,
  SERVERPROPERTY(&#039;instancename&#039;) as &#039;Instance&#039;,
  SERVERPROPERTY(&#039;servername&#039;) as &#039;Server Name&#039;</pre>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Gather MSSQL Server Information" [822-1235] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="orphaned_users">Orphaned Users</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
All of these instructions should be done as a database admin, with the restored database selected.
</p>

<p>
First, make sure that this is the problem. This will lists the orphaned users:
</p>
<pre class="code">EXEC sp_change_users_login &#039;Report&#039;</pre>

<p>
If you already have a login id and password for this user, fix it by doing:
</p>
<pre class="code">EXEC sp_change_users_login &#039;Auto_Fix&#039;, &#039;user&#039;</pre>

<p>
If you want to create a new login id and password for this user, fix it by doing:
</p>
<pre class="code">USE &lt;database_name&gt;;
GO
sp_change_users_login @Action=&#039;update_one&#039;, @UserNamePattern=&#039;&lt;database_user&gt;&#039;, 
   @LoginName=&#039;&lt;login_name&gt;&#039;;
GO</pre>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Orphaned Users" [1236-1859] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="read_transaction_logs">Read Transaction Logs</h3>
<div class="level3">
<pre class="code">DBCC LOG(databasename, typeofoutput)</pre>

<p>
where typeofoutput:<br/>

<br/>

0: Return only the minimum of information for each operation – the operation, its context and the transaction ID. (Default)<br/>

1: As 0, but also retrieve any flags and the log record length.<br/>

2: As 1, but also retrieve the object name, index name, page ID and slot ID.<br/>

3: Full informational dump of each operation.<br/>

4: As 3 but includes a hex dump of the current transaction log row.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "Read Transaction Logs" [1860-] -->